hi.hey.can i ask you a question?just not about the commander. not yet.okay. have you seen a lady with short blue hair recently?i have seen an entire species with blue body,where everybody is a lady. is that what you're asking?i can refer you to a friend.birds and dinosaurs and robots and whatnot too.no, thanks. just short blue hair.too bad. they're awesome. okay. let me think.we don't see a lot with blue hair here.are you talking about luna?yes! you know her?favorite customer.customer?yes. sorry, i haven't told you but this is my stopify.tali'zorah vas stopify.but officially tali'zorah vas normandy.oh my god. sorry if i was disrespectful.no, it's okay. luna's friends are my friends.so long as you offer me an emergency induction port.with triple-filtered turian brandy.yes!so you're looking for luna?finding her, yes.do you know where i can find her?i don't know but we were supposed to go and watch today.'blue is the saddest color'. we have reservations.i will go to netfilx after this.we were supposed to check on a book trilogy today too.beyond the cliff. to the stars. your infinity.exactly. so you're into bookshelf too?yes, she was waiting for the books.you should definitely check it.the cliff? she said it was mentioned on the books.what's with her and the cliff?it's her favorite world.it's where she goes whenever she feels sad.she'd just look up at the sky and the starsand suddenly her bad feelings get lost into the void.she said the she'd always realize that life is beautiful.that it's a rollercoaster.that it's but a speck.and that we should live life by heartbecause the universe is so vastthat to give up because of a little fall is an insult.she met and wed the love of her life in the cliff too.she left you. for the love of her life.this is pathetic. let's stop and go back.that's beautiful.i know.did i help you?you did. thank you.then good luck!oh, wait. are the white walkers with you?white walkers?the men in white walking back and forth outside.they're looking at you, closely.i think they're following you.no, i don't know the walkers.okay then. stay safe! keelah se'lai.thank you. keelah se'lai.i think we're in trouble. let's go back.i will not go back without her.
